some of you've asked me to make chicken
parmesan so this week that's what I'm
doing you're gonna need about a couple
of pounds of chicken cutlets to beaten
eggs and on this plate I have bread
crumb panko and Parmesan cheese you can
just have bread crumb and Parmesan
cheese but I like to add the panko for a
little crunch and just mix this up take
your cutlet and put it into the egg and
then just coat it with your cheese and
bread crumb mixture and I like to press
it in hard so it sticks really nice fry
your cutlet I fried them about three
minutes on each side
now take your cutlets and put them on
some paper towels to bring while you
make your next bet after you're done
frying them put them on a cookie sheet
that's lined either with parchment paper
or so so Pat you know I met and or you
can just grease it with a spray then you
take your modern odd and I have a link
my recipe for this sauce it's my basic
marinara but an odd marinara and just
put some running out on top I don't have
to drown it just a little bit is enough
then you take slices of mozzarella
cheese and just put it on top some of
them you might need to I like a lot of
cheese on it now you're gonna put it
into a 400 or 450 degree oven and you're
gonna put it in there for about 10
minutes until the cheese gets nice and
bubbly and melting oh it just came out
of the oven I'm gonna try it look at
that oh you gotta love that cheese look
at that that's gorgeous
I made some zoodles on the side but you
should actually make a better pasta with
the sauce and then put the chicken
parmesan on top but I'm trying to keep
it a little low carb so I did it with
zoodles
hmm it's so good so good mmm
I don't always make this it's such an
easy dish and I really really make this
but I do love it and I hope you try this
don't forget to thumbs up and enjoy for
more dinner recipes check out my
playlist and don't forget to subscribe I
post a new video every Saturday